How do you know that?
Because I bought a pack myself
The other day I saw the key bag you dropped on the ground
So I recognize it.
Why did you buy this?
Of course it's for you.
Give it and don't give it to me
You keep making it up to me.
Trying to drug me again
What do you mean by that?
When did I not give it?
It was clearly given that day
You can't do it yourself
I kindly help you heal
And then you blame me?
What? I can't
You obviously wanted to take the opportunity to drown me that day
Everything is ready, everything is um
What's that?
Wolf spray
B fan spray
And that motor rod.
That's your gift to me.
I've saved it all.
that
What about the scissors hanging by the bed?
Those scissors are to ward off evil spirits
What about photons?
That means I misunderstood you.
Of course you misunderstood me.
Even if I have to cut you
You need to prepare those big scissors
How is this small enough?